Create ui-c8y-1021-73-6-show-up-to-200-exports-in-the-exports-list-view-instead.md (#3312)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-73-6-show-up-to-200-exports-in-the-exports-list-view-instead.md

---
date: ""

> title: Increase number of visible exports in list view to 200

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Increased number of visible exports in the exports list
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63576
version: 1021.73.6
---

> Previously, the exports list view in the Cumulocity IoT platform was limited to displaying only the first 100 exports. To provide users with a more comprehensive overview of their data exports, the number of visible exports in the list view has now been increased to 200. This change allows users to see and manage a larger number of their data exports directly in the list view without the need for additional navigation or filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the exports list on the **Export** page was limited to displaying only the first 100 exports. To provide users with a more comprehensive overview of their data exports, the number of visible exports in the list has now been increased to 200. This change allows users to see and manage a larger number of their data exports directly in the list without the need for additional navigation or filtering.
```
